The fields of a rate plan in Zuora include:

Name: The name of the rate plan.
Billing Period: The period for which the rate plan charges.
Original Version: The original version of the rate plan, if it has been updated.
Product Rate Plan ID: The unique ID of the rate plan in Zuora.
Status: The current status of the rate plan.
Description: A description of the rate plan.
Effective Start Date: The date when the rate plan becomes effective.
Effective End Date: The date when the rate plan expires.
Amends: The rate plan that this rate plan amends, if applicable.
Currency: The currency used for charges in the rate plan.
Auto Renew: Indicates if the rate plan is set to automatically renew.
Subscription: The subscription to which the rate plan is associated.
Product: The product associated with the rate plan.
Product Rate Plan Charges: The specific charges associated with the rate plan.
UOM: The unit of measure for the rate plan charges.
Quantity: The quantity of units for the rate plan charges.
Price: The price for the rate plan charges.
Trigger Event: The event that triggers the charges for the rate plan.
Trigger Date: The date when the charges for the rate plan will be triggered.
Specific Billing Period: The specific billing period for the rate plan charges, if applicable.
UpToPeriods: The maximum number of periods for which charges will be calculated for the rate plan.
UpToPeriodsType: The type of period used for the maximum number of periods in UpToPeriods field.
and more.

Ismail Boukili
What is a trigger event in zuora

A trigger event in Zuora is an event that initiates the start of a billing period for a rate plan.

When a customer signs up for a subscription that includes a rate plan, the trigger event is used to determine when the billing period for that rate plan begins. This can be set to occur on a specific date, or in response to a specific action taken by the customer, such as the activation of a service. Once the trigger event occurs, the charges for the rate plan will be calculated and billed to the customer.

For example, if a rate plan has a trigger event of "Service Activation," the billing period for that rate plan will begin when the customer activates the service associated with the rate plan.

It's important to note that the trigger event must be set correctly to ensure that the correct charges are billed to the customer at the correct time.


Ismail Boukili
What is UOM field on zuora

The UOM (Unit of Measure) field in Zuora is used to specify the unit of measure for the rate plan charges.

It can be set to any value that makes sense for the product or service being sold, such as "Each," "Hours," "Days," or "GB." This field is used in conjunction with the Quantity field to calculate the total charges for the rate plan.

For example, if a rate plan has a UOM of "GB" and a Quantity of 10, the total charge for that rate plan would be 10 GB. If the price is set to $0.1 per GB, the total charge would be $1.

This field is used to specify the unit of measure for the rate plan charges so that it can be easily understood by customers and accurately billed.


Ismail Boukili
What is product rate plan charge in zuora

Product Rate Plan Charge in Zuora is a specific charge associated with a product rate plan. A product rate plan can have one or more charges. Each charge has its own specific characteristics, such as the charge model, pricing, and billing schedule.

For example, a subscription to a cloud storage service might include a rate plan with a charge for the storage itself and another charge for data transfer. Each of these charges would be a separate Product Rate Plan Charge.

Each Product Rate Plan Charge has its own fields that can be configured such as:

Name: The name of the charge.
Description: A description of the charge.
Type: The type of charge, such as recurring or usage.
Model: The pricing model for the charge, such as flat fee or volume-based pricing.
UOM: The unit of measure for the charge.
Quantity: The quantity of units for the charge.
Price: The price for the charge.
Billing Period: The period for which the charge is billed.
Trigger Event: The event that triggers the charge.
Trigger Date: The date when the charge will be triggered.
Specific Billing Period: The specific billing period for the charge, if applicable.
UpToPeriods: The maximum number of periods for which the charge will be calculated.
UpToPeriodsType: The type of period used for the maximum number of periods in UpToPeriods field.
and more.
These fields are used to configure how the charges are calculated and billed to the customer.


Ismail Boukili
How many product rate plan charge per subscription in zuora

In Zuora, a subscription can have one or more product rate plans, and each product rate plan can have one or more product rate plan charges.

So it is not possible to define a specific number of product rate plan charge per subscription, it could vary depending on the subscription's plan, the services that are included in the subscription, and how the charges are set up in Zuora.

For example, a subscription for a mobile phone service might include a rate plan with a charge for the phone itself, a charge for the service plan, and a charge for any additional features. This would be 3 Product Rate Plan Charges.

On the other hand, a subscription for a cloud storage service might include a rate plan with a charge for the storage itself and another charge for data transfer, this would be 2 Product Rate Plan Charges.

Keep in mind that the number of product rate plan charges per subscription can vary depending on the specifics of the subscription and the rate plans associated with it.


Ismail Boukili
What are the fields of a subscription in zuora

The fields of a subscription in Zuora include:

Name: The name of the subscription.
Account ID: The ID of the account associated with the subscription.
Auto Renew: Indicates if the subscription is set to automatically renew.
Term Start Date: The date when the subscription term begins.
Term End Date: The date when the subscription term ends.
Status: The current status of the subscription.
Cancelled Date: The date when the subscription was cancelled, if applicable.
Activated On: The date when the subscription was activated.
Contract Effective Date: The date when the contract for the subscription becomes effective.
Service Activation Date: The date when the services associated with the subscription were activated.
Renewal Setting: The setting for renewing the subscription, such as automatic or manual.
Renewal Term: The term of the subscription renewal.
Renewal Period Type: The period type for the subscription renewal.
Product Rate Plan ID: The unique ID of the product rate plan associated with the subscription.
Billing Plan ID: The unique ID of the billing plan associated with the subscription.
Billing Start Date: The date when billing for the subscription begins.
Billing End Date: The date when billing for the subscription ends.
Next Billing Date: The date when the next billing for the subscription will occur.
Billing Period: The period for which the subscription is billed.
Billing Frequency: The frequency at which the subscription is billed.
Billing Currency: The currency used for billing the subscription.
Subscription Number: The unique subscription number assigned by Zuora.
Rate Plan ID: The unique ID of the rate plan associated with the subscription.
Subscription ID: The unique ID of the subscription in Zuora.
and more.
These fields are used to store and manage information about the subscription, including the subscription's term, billing information, rate plan, and status.


Ismail Boukili
What is the difference between a product rate plan and a rate plan in zuora

In Zuora, a "Product Rate Plan" is a specific pricing and billing plan that is associated with a product. It defines the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for that product. A product rate plan can have one or more charges, each with its own specific characteristics such as the charge model, pricing, and billing schedule.

On the other hand, a "Rate Plan" is a pricing and billing plan that is associated with a subscription. A subscription can have one or more rate plans, each of which can be associated with one or more product rate plans. A rate plan defines the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for a specific service or product that is included in the subscription.

In summary, a "Product Rate Plan" is a specific pricing and billing plan for a product and a "Rate Plan" is a pricing and billing plan for a service or product that is included in a subscription. A product rate plan is a blueprint for a rate plan, it contains the charges and pricing information that will be used to configure a rate plan.

So a Product Rate Plan is a pricing and billing plan for a specific product and a Rate Plan is a pricing and billing plan for a service or product that is included in a subscription.


Ismail Boukili
How many product rate plans a subscription can have in zuora

In Zuora, a subscription can have one or more rate plans, and each rate plan can be associated with one or more product rate plans.

So a subscription can have multiple product rate plans. The number of product rate plans a subscription can have in Zuora is not limited, it depends on the specifics of the subscription and the rate plans associated with it.

For example, a subscription for a mobile phone service might include a rate plan with a charge for the phone itself, and another rate plan with a charge for the service plan, and another rate plan with a charge for any additional features. Each rate plan is associated with a product rate plan, in this example, the subscription would have 3 product rate plans.

On the other hand, a subscription for a cloud storage service might include a rate plan with a charge for the storage itself and another rate plan with a charge for data transfer, this subscription would have 2 product rate plans.

Keep in mind that the number of product rate plans per subscription can vary depending on the specifics of the subscription and the rate plans associated with it.


Ismail Boukili
What is the Order object in zuora

The Order object in Zuora is used to represent an order for a product or service. It typically includes information about the products or services being ordered, the customer placing the order, and the billing and shipping details for the order.

The Order object in Zuora allows you to create and manage a customer's order as a separate transaction from the subscription and the invoice. It contains information about the products and services that are being ordered, the customer who is placing the order, and the billing and shipping details for the order.

Some of the fields of an order object in Zuora include:

Order Number: A unique identifier for the order.
Order Date: The date when the order was placed.
Account ID: The ID of the account associated with the order.
Status: The current status of the order.
Billing Contact ID: The ID of the contact associated with billing for the order.
Shipping Contact ID: The ID of the contact associated with shipping for the order.
Billing Address ID: The ID of the billing address associated with the order.
Shipping Address ID: The ID of the shipping address associated with the order.
Subscription ID: The ID of the subscription associated with the order.
Product Rate Plan ID: The ID of the product rate plan associated with the order.
Quantity: The quantity of units being ordered.
Amount: The total amount of the order.
and more.
You can use the Order object to create, update, and cancel orders, as well as to retrieve information about existing orders.

Orders can be used to purchase specific products, add-ons, or services and the total charges for the order can be calculated and billed separately from the subscription charges.


Ismail Boukili
What happens when we create an order in zuora

When you create an order in Zuora, the following actions take place:

A new order is created in the Zuora system with the information provided, such as the products or services being ordered, the customer placing the order, and the billing and shipping details.

The order is processed to validate the information provided and ensure that it is complete and accurate.

The order is then submitted for approval and validation. This step may involve validating the customer's billing and shipping information, checking inventory levels, and verifying that the customer has the necessary permissions to purchase the products or services being ordered.

Once the order is approved, the products or services are reserved for the customer and the order details are added to the customer's account in Zuora.

The order can then be used to generate an invoice for the customer, which will include the charges for the products or services that were ordered.

If there's a subscription associated to the order, the subscription will be activated and the rate plan will be added to it.

It's worth noting that depending on the specific configuration of your Zuora instance, the process may vary slightly. Also, some steps in the process may be optional or automated.

In addition, depending on the configuration of the order, it can also trigger other actions such as the creation of a new account or the amendment of an existing subscription.


Ismail Boukili
What is the difference between an order and a subscription in zuora

In Zuora, an Order is used to represent a transaction for a specific product or service, while a Subscription is used to represent a recurring relationship between a customer and a product or service.

An Order is a one-time transaction that contains information about the products or services being ordered, the customer who is placing the order, and the billing and shipping details for the order. Orders can be used to purchase specific products, add-ons, or services and the total charges for the order can be calculated and billed separately from the subscription charges.

On the other hand, a Subscription is a recurring relationship between a customer and a product or service. It defines the terms of the relationship, such as the duration of the subscription, the rate plans associated with the subscription, and the billing schedule for the subscription. Subscriptions can include one or more rate plans, each with its own charges and pricing, and each rate plan can have one or more product rate plan charges.

In summary, an Order is a one-time transaction that represents the purchase of a specific product or service, while a Subscription is a recurring relationship between a customer and a product or service that can include one or more rate plans. An order is used to purchase a specific product or service, while a subscription is used to establish a recurring relationship with a customer for a service or product.


Ismail Boukili
What is a quote in zuora

In Zuora, a quote is a document that represents a proposed sale of products or services to a customer. It can include information about the products or services being offered, the pricing for each item, and the terms of the sale. Quotes can be used to provide customers with an estimate of the costs associated with a proposed purchase, and can be used as the basis for creating an order or subscription.

A quote in Zuora can be created and managed using the Quote object. A quote can be created by selecting the products or services that are to be quoted, along with any associated options and pricing details. Once created, the quote can be reviewed, revised, and approved by the customer. Once the quote is approved, it can be used to create an order or subscription in Zuora.

A quote in Zuora can be associated with a specific customer account, and the quote can be created and managed using the Quote object. Quotes can also include details such as discounts, taxes, and shipping costs, as well as information about the customer, billing address, and shipping address.

Some of the fields of a quote in Zuora include:

Quote Number: A unique identifier for the quote.
Quote Name: The name of the quote.
Account ID: The ID of the account associated with the quote.
Contact ID: The ID of the contact associated with the quote.
Status: The current status of the quote.
Effective Date: The date when the quote becomes effective.
Expiration Date: The date when the quote expires.
Quote Type: The type of the quote.
Billing Address ID: The ID of the billing address associated with the quote.
Shipping Address ID: The ID of the shipping address associated with the quote.
Product Rate Plan ID: The ID of the product rate plan associated with the quote.
Quantity: The quantity of units being quoted.
Amount: The total amount of the quote.
and more.
A quote in Zuora is a useful tool for sales teams, as it allows them to provide customers with detailed information about the products and services they are interested in purchasing, and the costs associated with those purchases, prior to creating an order or subscription.


Ismail Boukili
What happens when a quote is created in zuora

When a quote is created in Zuora, the following actions take place:

A new quote is created in the Zuora system with the information provided, such as the products or services being quoted, the customer receiving the quote, and the billing and shipping details.

The quote is processed to validate the information provided and ensure that it is complete and accurate.

The quote can be sent to the customer for review and approval. This step may involve validating the customer's billing and shipping information, checking inventory levels, and verifying that the customer has the necessary permissions to purchase the products or services being quoted.

Once the quote is approved by the customer, it can be used to create an order or subscription in Zuora.

When a quote is converted to an order or subscription, the products or services are reserved for the customer and the order details are added to the customer's account in Zuora.

It's worth noting that depending on the specific configuration of your Zuora instance, the process may vary slightly. Also, some steps in the process may be optional or automated.

In addition, once the quote is approved, it can be used to generate an invoice for the customer, which will include the charges for the products or services that were quoted.

A quote in Zuora is a useful tool for sales teams, as it allows them to provide customers with detailed information about the products and services they are interested in purchasing, and the costs associated with those purchases, prior to creating an order or subscription.


Ismail Boukili
What is a rate plan charge in zuora

A Rate Plan Charge in Zuora is a specific charge associated with a rate plan. A rate plan can have one or more charges. Each charge has its own specific characteristics, such as the charge model, pricing, and billing schedule.

For example, a subscription to a cloud storage service might include a rate plan with a charge for the storage itself and another charge for data transfer. Each of these charges would be a separate Rate Plan Charge.

Each Rate Plan Charge has its own fields that can be configured such as:

Name: The name of the charge.
Description: A description of the charge.
Type: The type of charge, such as recurring or usage.
Model: The pricing model for the charge, such as flat fee or volume-based pricing.
UOM: The unit of measure for the charge.
Quantity: The quantity of units for the charge.
Price: The price for the charge.
Billing Period: The period for which the charge is billed.
Trigger Event: The event that triggers the charge.
Specific Billing Period: The specific billing period for the charge, if applicable.
UpToPeriods: The maximum number of periods for which the charge will be calculated.
UpToPeriodsType: The type of period used for the maximum number of periods in UpToPeriods field.
and more.
These fields are used to configure how the charges are calculated and billed to the customer. It's important to note that rate plan charges are associated with a rate plan and are specific to a subscription, as opposed to product rate plan charges which are associated with a product rate


Ismail Boukili
What is a product in zuora

In Zuora, a Product is a representation of a physical or digital item that can be sold or provided as a service to customers. It is used to define the characteristics of the product, such as the name, description, and pricing information. Products can be associated with one or more Product Rate Plans, which define the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for that product.

A product can be created and managed using the Product object. A product can be created by defining the product's name, description, and pricing details. Once created, the product can be associated with one or more Product Rate Plans, which define the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for that product.

Some of the fields of a product in Zuora include:

Product Name: The name of the product.
Product Description: A description of the product.
Product Rate Plan ID: The unique ID of the product rate plan associated with the product.
Product Type: The type of product, such as a physical or digital item.
Product Code: A code used to identify the product.
Effective Start Date: The date when the product becomes effective.
Effective End Date: The date when the product expires.
and more.
A product in Zuora is a useful tool for product management and sales teams, as it allows them to define the characteristics of the product and the pricing information, and to associate it with the appropriate rate plan charges.


Ismail Boukili
Give me an example of product rate plan in zuora

An example of a product rate plan in Zuora could be a subscription service for a cloud-based project management software.

The Product Rate Plan for this subscription service could include the following information:

Product Name: "Project Management Software Subscription"
Product Description: "A cloud-based project management software that allows teams to collaborate and track progress on projects."
Product Rate Plan ID: "PMSSUB01"
Product Type: "Software Subscription"
Product Code: "PMSSUB"
Effective Start Date: "01/01/2022"
Effective End Date: "12/31/2022"
This product rate plan would have one or more charges associated with it, such as:

Charge Name: "Monthly Subscription Fee"
Charge Type: "Recurring"
Model: "Flat Fee"
UOM: "Month"
Quantity: "1"
Price: "50"
Billing Period: "Month"
Trigger Event: "Start of Service"
This charge would represent the monthly fee for the subscription service.

Another charge could be:

Charge Name: "Additional User Fee"
Charge Type: "Recurring"
Model: "Flat Fee"
UOM: "User/Month"
Quantity: "1"
Price: "10"
Billing Period: "Month"
Trigger Event: "Additional User Added"
This charge would represent the additional fee for each additional user added to the subscription service.

This is just an example, in practice, it can vary depending on the specifics of the product, the pricing strategy, and the


Ismail Boukili
What is a rate plan charge tier In zuora

In Zuora, a Rate Plan Charge Tier is a component of a Rate Plan Charge that defines the pricing for a specific range of usage or quantity. Each Rate Plan Charge can have one or more tiers, each with its own price and range of usage or quantity.

For example, a Rate Plan Charge for a cloud storage service might include a tiered pricing structure, where the first 10 GB of storage is $5 per month, the next 50 GB of storage is $2 per month, and any additional storage is $1 per month. In this case, the Rate Plan Charge would have three tiers: the first tier would include the pricing for the first 10 GB of storage, the second tier would include the pricing for the next 50 GB of storage, and the third tier would include the pricing for any additional storage.

A Rate Plan Charge Tier in Zuora has its own fields that can be configured, such as:

Tier: The number of the tier.
Starting Unit: The starting unit for the tier.
Ending Unit: The ending unit for the tier.
Price: The price for the tier.
and more.
These fields are used to define the pricing for a specific range of usage or quantity for a rate plan charge. By creating multiple tiers for a rate plan charge, it is possible to have different prices for different levels of usage or quantity.

It's worth noting that the rate plan charge tiers are specific to a rate plan charge and not all rate plan charge have to have tiers, it depends on the specifics of the rate plan charge.


Ismail Boukili
What is a feature in zuora

In Zuora, a Feature is a representation of an add-on or extra service that can be associated with a subscription. It can be used to define the characteristics of the feature, such as the name, description, and pricing information. Features can be associated with one or more Product Rate Plans, which define the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for that feature.

A feature can be created and managed using the Feature object. A feature can be created by defining the feature's name, description, and pricing details. Once created, the feature can be associated with one or more Product Rate Plans, which define the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for that feature.

Some of the fields of a feature in Zuora include:

Feature Name: The name of the feature.
Feature Description: A description of the feature.
Product Rate Plan ID: The unique ID of the product rate plan associated with the feature.
Effective Start Date: The date when the feature becomes effective.
Effective End Date: The date when the feature expires.
and more.
A feature in Zuora is a useful tool for product management and sales teams, as it allows them to define the characteristics of the add-on or extra service and the pricing information, and to associate it with the appropriate rate plan charges.

For example, a feature could be a premium support service that can be added to a software subscription, and it can have its own rate plan charges, such as a monthly fee for


Ismail Boukili
What is subscription product feature in zuora

In Zuora, a Subscription Product Feature is a specific add-on or extra service that can be associated with a subscription. It is used to define the characteristics of the feature, such as the name, description, and pricing information. Subscription Product Features are associated with a subscription and can be used to add additional functionality or services to the subscription.

A Subscription Product Feature can be created and managed using the Subscription Product Feature object. A Subscription Product Feature can be created by defining the feature's name, description, and pricing details. Once created, the Subscription Product Feature can be associated with a specific subscription, which allows the customer to add the feature to their subscription.

Some of the fields of a Subscription Product Feature in Zuora include:

Subscription Product Feature Name: The name of the feature.
Subscription Product Feature Description: A description of the feature.
Subscription ID: The unique ID of the subscription associated with the feature.
Product Rate Plan ID: The unique ID of the product rate plan associated with the feature.
Effective Start Date: The date when the feature becomes effective.
Effective End Date: The date when the feature expires.
and more.
A Subscription Product Feature in Zuora is a useful tool for product management and sales teams, as it allows them to define the characteristics of the add-on or extra service and the pricing information, and to associate it with the appropriate rate plan charges for a specific subscription.

For example, a Subscription Product Feature could be a premium support service that can be added to a software subscription, it can have its own rate plan charges, such as a monthly fee for the service, and it can be added to a specific subscription.


Ismail Boukili
Why subscription has one product rate plan id in zuora

In Zuora, a Subscription is a recurring relationship between a customer and a product or service. It defines the terms of the relationship, such as the duration of the subscription, the rate plans associated with the subscription, and the billing schedule for the subscription.

A Subscription can have one or more rate plans associated with it, but each rate plan can have only one Product Rate Plan ID. This is because a Product Rate Plan defines the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for a specific product or service, and a Subscription can have multiple rate plans, each with their own unique charges and pricing.

Having one Product Rate Plan ID per rate plan allows Zuora to accurately track and bill for the charges associated with each rate plan. It also allows for flexibility in creating different rate plans for different products or services, and allows for easy management of the charges and pricing for each rate plan.

Having only one Product Rate Plan ID per rate plan also helps to maintain the data integrity and consistency, as it allows Zuora to identify the specific product or service associated with each rate plan and charge.

It's worth noting that while a subscription can have multiple rate plans, each rate plan can have only one Product Rate Plan ID, but each rate plan can have multiple rate plan charges, and each rate plan charge can have multiple tiers.


Ismail Boukili
How to save a service in zuora

Saving a service in Zuora depends on the specific service and the type of object being created or updated.

Here are some general steps on how to save a service in Zuora:

Create an instance of the appropriate service object. For example, if you are creating a new subscription, you would create an instance of the Subscription service object.

Populate the fields of the service object with the appropriate data. For example, if you are creating a new subscription, you would set the fields for the customer account, product rate plan, and billing schedule.

Use the create() or update() method of the service object to save the data. For example, if you are creating a new subscription, you would use the create() method of the Subscription service object.

If the create() or update() method is successful, it will return a response object that includes the ID of the created or updated object.

If the create() or update() method is not successful, it will return an error message. You can check the error message to understand why the save failed and take the appropriate action.

Here is an example of creating a new subscription in Zuora using the Zuora python library:

Copy code
from zuora import Zuora zuora = Zuora(username='your_username', password='your_password') subscription = { 'account_key': 'A000011','product_rate_plan_id': 'PRP-0001','term_start_date': '2022-01-01','term_end_date': '2022-12-31' } response = zuora.subscription.create(subscription)if response.status_code == 200:print(response.json()) else:print(response.content)
It's worth noting that the specific steps and the programming language used may vary depending on the specific service and the API you are using to interact with Zuora.


Ismail Boukili
What is a service in zuora

In Zuora, a service refers to a set of functionality or operations that can be performed on a specific object in the Zuora platform, such as creating, updating, or retrieving data. Services in Zuora are typically provided through an API (Application Programming Interface) and can be accessed by external applications or scripts.

For example, the Subscription service allows you to create, update, retrieve, and delete subscriptions, the Invoice service allows you to create, retrieve, and pay invoices, and the Payment service allows you to create and retrieve payments.

Each service in Zuora provides a set of methods that can be called to perform specific actions. For example, the Subscription service provides methods for creating, updating, retrieving, and deleting subscriptions. Each method takes specific input parameters and returns specific output data.

The services are the way the external systems interact with the Zuora's platform and allows to automate the billing and revenue management process, such as create new subscriptions, retrieve invoices and payments, and perform other operations.

It's worth noting that the specific services available in Zuora may vary depending on the specific version of the platform and on the specific configuration of the Zuora instance.


Ismail Boukili
Do we use product object to add services in zuora

In Zuora, the Product object is used to define the characteristics of a physical or digital item that can be sold or provided as a service to customers. It is used to define the characteristics of the product, such as the name, description, and pricing information. Products can be associated with one or more Product Rate Plans, which define the charges, pricing, and billing schedule for that product.

However, to create and manage a new service, typically you will use the Subscription service, which allows you to create, update, retrieve, and delete subscriptions. The Subscription service is used to create a new recurring relationship between a customer and a product or service. It defines the terms of the relationship, such as the duration of the subscription, the rate plans associated with the subscription, and the billing schedule for the subscription.

While the Product object is used to define the characteristics of a product or service, it is not typically used to directly add a new


Ismail Boukili
What is an amendment in zuora

In Zuora, an Amendment is a change made to an existing subscription. It allows you to modify the terms of an existing subscription, such as changing the rate plan, adding or removing products or services, or changing the billing schedule.

An amendment can be created using the Amendment service in Zuora. An amendment can be created by providing the unique ID of the subscription, the amendment type, and the amendment terms. The amendment type can be one of the following:

NewProduct: adds a new product to the subscription
RemoveProduct: removes a product from the subscription
Suspend: suspends the subscription
Resume: resumes a suspended subscription
Cancel: cancels the subscription
Renewal: renews the subscription
TermsAndConditions: updates the terms and conditions of the subscription
UpdateProduct: updates the product rate plan of the subscription
Once an amendment is created, it goes through a process of being drafted, activated, and then applied to the subscription. Once it's applied, the amendment will change the terms of the existing subscription according to the amendment terms.

An amendment can be useful when you need to make changes to a subscription in the middle of a billing period, rather than waiting until the end of the period to make changes. It also allows you to easily track and manage changes made to a subscription over time